year and a half ago that I would tell
this on a stream and I never did I'm
gonna follow your story with uh this I'm
gonna follow your story with my uh I
don't know why I actually come on say
these parts just French at your
entertain but when I started stealing
okay ooh and I'll tell you what did it
start it with me okay maybe your jump
off of mine because I got mugged okay so
this is my mugging story that people
have been asking me to tell for like
forever now okay so I was twelve years
old
uh-huh uh by parents one of my brother
and I what we were gonna go the movies
and my parents wanted my brother and I
to go see the same movie so we're gonna
go see like big crush starting like Owen
Wilson and Morgan Freeman's call I don't
know what is : crush Luke darn up wasn't
blue crush that that is a thing we had
no I thought it was like baby you go
from resting you and yeah yeah but so I
wanted to go see I wanted to go see win
a date with tad Hamilton and with Topher
Grace and and that dude from
transformers for great my brother went
to go see butterfly effect and so I go
see you stall which I couldn't have seen
because it was very to our so I wouldn't
saw that I went saw win a date with tad
Hamilton and movie my movie let out
before his so I ended up leaving the
theater was closed it was like 12
o'clock at night you got served just
premiered that night that was the
opening night for you got served and
this was all in garner North Carolina
which was a really ghetto area so there
was a lot of like ghetto people there
like a lot of first of all before you
deal with that one I'm gonna show you
keep us
I like how we started using the word
ghetto at first it was like table we now
we just like yeah that's it hey hey I'm
not just saying black people I'm saying
everybody like ghetto I'm just saying
ghetto gets big big well I guess no you
get it cuz you don't you you got served
was like a big huge it's moving I was
like oh shit we're going to see you god
oh god so sorry
sort sir yeah oh my god so um a couple
times we had gone before like I I would
come out of a movie
my brother would go to the bathroom
whatever and then he'd go straight to
the car so I was like okay maybe his
movie got out I didn't know my movie got
out before is maybe his got out he's at
the car so I went out the side entrance
we had parked on the side of the theater
I went to the car he wasn't there song
okay shit so I go to the front of the
theater they lock the doors after the
last movie starts showing so I couldn't
get into the theater there was a group
of kids in there but they weren't
letting me and they were just sitting
there talking so now okay whatever I'll
go wait by the car in this ghetto area
at 12 o'clock at night in the low lit
side of the movie theater so I go over
there I'm just standing there like
banging right this group of people walk
by me at like they're coming up and I
get kind of nervous because I'm like
holy shit this is a big group of people
coming towards me I'm kind of freaking
out they had a block in my new okay
whatever so a couple minutes later same
thing happens again this time I'm not so
scared cuz I was like what was I
thinking I'm not gonna get you know in
trouble everything or nobody's going to
do anything the other group walks
straight up to me there's this like it's
a group of black people it's a folk it's
a group of like eight or nine black
people I'm a little little 12 year old
kid literal 12 year old kid I like I'm
not that scared at this point though
because I'm like the house had already
gone home it was a 12 year old kid yeah
everybody's older except for the one kid
who's what was the group that went
before well they were all black people
to shit like fucking lightning striking
twice so the group comes up though
everybody's older than me and taller
than me except for the one kid who walks
up and starts talking to me so this was
like lead retrospect in the respect not
a little bit like an initiation kind of
thing this meant they may have been
making him do this so the kid he has to
be my age if not a little bit older
starts talking to me he's like hey man
you know where you how old are you and
I'm like I should probably lie 13 so I
tell them I'm 13 they're like you here
with anybody and I'm like yeah my
parents they're in the bathroom they're
about to be kokum come right out I'm
like oh yeah I'm smart yeah so I'm like
yeah they're right in there they're
about to come out they're like you have
any money I'm like no and the kid starts
reaching in my front pockets and I
grabbed his hands and like threw them
out of my pocket I'm like what are you
doing and he pushed me up against the
car and so I start freaking out and
they're like the people in the back
there one man he doesn't
have anything and then somebody yell
punch him and so the kid like strikes
looks like fighting pose like almost
gotta look yeah yeah and then just like
one punch I'm down he punched me I was
on the ground my nose started like
gushing blood like bleeding a lot and he
freaked out like the kid who punch me
sir I don't know if he was like trying
to make fun of me or somebody's like
maybe you okay you okay like I don't
know if he was being legitimate or what
so I start crawling away I'm like crying
at him not to punch me again I crawl
wait I'm scatter the second they started
I was bleeding
they all just hug it oh shit run like
they all just bolt so I'm sitting here
on the side of the theater by myself
crawling on the ground blood coming on
my nose like I'm feeling my face and
like holy shit
I didn't know what to do so I crawled
around got up walked to the front like I
have blood dripping down on my hoodie
walk to the front of the theater the
same group of kids who were in there
talking like looked at me and while OSHA
and they let me in they grab a security
guy he hadn't like running outside and
grab like grab two guys came back I
didn't know what any of the people
looked like so he brought back two other
guys and I'm like I don't know if this
is them or not but I ended up like they
ended up calling the cops cops came talk
to the cops then I saw my brother
walking by while I was being questioned
by a police officer he looks fucking
terrified like he lost me and like I
guess the cops were there so he was like
starting to freak out I was just like
Tom and he was like oh my god so they
they offered for me to go in an
ambulance to the hospital they were
saying it seemed like it was broken then
they didn't want to send me home without
going to the hospital but I ended up
calling my parents telling them and they
told me to come home and we ended up
going to hospital spent the entire night
at the hospital hardly got any sleep but
the like the end of the story I guess is
like the movie theater ended up paying
for the medical bills because they we
could have sued them for gross
negligence because like they had no
patrolling security and very low like
lighting on the side of the building but
they never found anybody and I had a
broken nose and Deanne hates United
Artists it all united artists yeah that
was the beta get the dollar theatre now
in in garner it's a dollar theatre now
is it like I mean or more of the story
here's be afraid of a group of people
one black group of people and they let
you off you fucking run cuz if there's
another one you're fucked
like you don't get two chances you
fucking run
you